The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Ranch, Hawk, wasps they're.
They're big that Mayer sent me.
So this is one of the, there's a guy who made a scale, right?
And he got stung by all the different insects. And this is I think, five,
there's also a five plus they're very hard to get you to sting them.
There's a guy who online goes through and gets the all stung,
but the reason they're so dangerous or, or so venous,
what they do is they sting the tarantula, lay their eggs inside the tarantula,
and then tarantula is eaten alive by the offspring for weeks. Right.
And then when this was discovered, this kind of stuff in the middle ages,
they were like, this is a big theological dilemma because God,
why would God make this happen?
<Affirmative> yeah. Why would God do.
That? Nature is, I mean, I could go down this rabbit hole for hours,
please do.
Yeah. I mean, have you've seen that gigantic flower that they found that smells.
So one of the, uh,
one of the cousins to that flower is called something in Fanta CIDA.
So the insane thing about that flower, rap's the largest flower in the world.
It only lasts two weeks. Yeah. But the plant it's a parasite. Right?
So the plant that it comes from has no stems, roots or leaves. Yeah.
So you can't keep it on display cuz it is entirely inside another, uh,
species of vine.
Yeah. It's completely parasitic, right? Yeah. Just,
it just sits there and it's huge. Look.
At that thing. Yeah. And they smell it. They smell, they call corpse flowers.
Cuz they smell like a rot flesh too. Oh weird.
And they don't know why it's so big.
Guess to trap rats. That's what I.
Would imagine. No, it does. It's it's not carnivorous.
It's the flower get sneaky.
Yeah. They're adapting bro. That's what its <laugh> they get ready to eat.
People look how big they are. They're gorgeous. They're beautiful. Oh wow.
Look at that one where the guy's got hand on it before it blooms. Yeah.
So that's what it looks like sitting on the ground and then it pops open.
That's some avatar right.
There. So I have something from the island of ATRA, which is in archipelago,
near the coast of Yemen called Dandra D U V a L I N
D R a and their flowers look and smell like meat.
Whoa, because you wanna attract flies and the hotter it gets in the house,
the more the flower smells. Ooh. It's really cool when you get it to bloom.
So it's actually.
Heat activated just like rotten food would be. Yeah.
Whoa, its a trick. The flies cuz flies are gonna be attracted. There it is.
That is bananas there. Number seven. That one just right there. Jamie,
you see that in this, this second, the third one on the left there that's it.
You can look at the texture. Wow. And it even has hairs to replicate a wound.
It looks like a blown out but hole. Yeah. But from an alien.
Oh there is a little, little.in.
There. Oh there is a butt hole that smells like.
If you look up white Sloan white S L O a N E a,
it smells like an and has hairs that R in the wind. Oh geez.
And it's it to replicate an to um, oh, sorry. What was that again? Uh,
w H I T E S L O a N E a white Sloany I named after
white and Sloan is from Somalia. Oh my yeah. Look at those flowers.
Oh God. How weird? Just the,
the sheer variety. And that smells like a, about hole and has hair on it.
Yeah. And the hair moves. My friend calls it God's mistakes.
But with the sheer variety of nature is so weird. Isn't it great. I mean,
we're just, I mean,
that's not unusual if an not unusual and every animal has an.
Why is it unusual to have a plant that looks like an and.
We have the expression. You, you attract more flies with how you InVigor,
but it's, it's almost like, like a pig to. A fly to.
You're gonna have flowers that smell like. Yes. And there's a lot of them.
There's a whole family of them and they're gorgeous. Yeah. They smell.
And when they pop open, they fart.
It's like a fart cuz it's contained and then it pops open. Oh.
So like the gas has come out of it when it pops open. Yeah. It releases a dose.
Yeah.
Look up. Uh, the biggest one, sta S T a P E L I a.
Are there any plants that have the same effect on people that
like, um, you know that one, well not, it's not even a plant actually.
It's a fungus. So there's one branch of the Corti.
He mushroom that infects ants and gets I'll explode. Explode. Yeah.
So that they spray the spores everywhere. They die. It grows inside of them.
Then literally explodes out into the air. So the spores will infect other ants.
So when ants find out that one of their members has been infected,
they'll take that ant way out of the community.
Like way they'll take 'em on a walk. Yeah. Cuz they know somehow or another,
that this thing's gonna blow up on all their family.
They took,
they had down footage of this and literally like the mushroom grows out of the
T's head and then it pops out.
It's there's a lot of things that they're learning now about nature controlling
the minds of other beings,
which is really a recent kind of discovery and really like.
Fox news. <laugh> right.
Yeah. Fox news. Am I right? <laugh> that's more like phone news.
<Laugh> am I right? You, yeah. That,
that sort of um, parasitic relationship. We,
one of my favorite ones ever was the, um,
the grasshopper that gets infected by this aquatic worm,
the aquatic worm gets it to commit suicide so that it can give birth to this
worm.
It literally gets into the wiring of the Grasshopper's brain and convinces it to
jump into a puddle.
<Laugh> what about the Laos that eats fish's tongue. Oh yeah.
And then becomes a functional tongue and.
Becomes the tongue. Yeah.
So there's, there's a lot of this, this kind of crazy stuff. I,
my understanding is the majority of species are actually paralytic. Really?
Yeah. There's cuz it's so much easier to be a parasite. You latch on,
you're getting nutrition.
You don't gotta do anything and you don't have to hunt.
You don't have to graze and you're just set you.
Well, that's also just obviously parasitic, if you wanna think about it,
most organisms are semi parasitic in that we need other organisms in order to
survive. You know like if you're a farmer, I don't wanna say you're a parasite.
If you're a beef farmer, there's a headline.
Beef farmers are parasites says Joe Rogan.
2020 Is gonna be kinda living off that organism.
Well, right. Yeah. And,
but the other thing is if every species has several parasites,
then how many we have lice and oh yeah. Mights.
It makes sense that the majority are gonna be parasite.
Even at the micro level, you get down to our gut. Oh yeah. All the,
the different bacteria that's on your skin in, I mean we're filled with.
Stuff. Yeah. It's, it's really fascinating how clever,
uh, many of these organisms are. Yeah.
It's a trip. It's a weird thing to be a person. My friend <laugh>.
I wouldn't know. No, I'm kidding. Yeah. Yeah. I agree.
It's it's but it's just also weird how we're finding out things that are crazier
and crazier.
Like right now they're doing a lot of deep sea exploration and the things at the
bottom of the ocean are just like, what is this? You saw that deep Staria thing.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> the, the jellyfish that looks like a lava lamp. Yes.
So it's just like.
What is this? Yeah. Pull.
Pull up that thing. Yeah. Deep Staria.
Yeah. There's a, that's a,
that's one of the more amazing things about the bottom. The ocean, right.
Is a bioluminescence. We see these. Oh yeah.
These creatures that have a light source, they give off.
Lights. Well, there's also,
dragonfish use a red light source because red doesn't show off show up for
others so they can see with it. But no one else can it's like night vision. Oh,
oh yeah. This is the one that's so crazy. You saw this. Yeah.
This is just amazing. Oh, it's so cool. And that's so pretty.
And what's amazing is how they're freaking out. The scientists are watching it.
They're like, what is going on? Oh, I love this thing. Look at that thing.
And it's also has a parasite on it or a symbiotic relationship.
There's a Copa pod living.
Inside resident. Isopod yeah. Is that what that is? Yeah. Look.
How pretty that is now this thing has never seen light for millions of years.
It's the bottom, the sea. So the fact that it knows how to react is,
or is having a reaction is, is, uh, um, uh, pretty.
Cool. Just the fact that that's a real thing that exists.
If we found that on a planet somewhere, we would freak out.
This is the overlord. This is the over mind of the planet.
And it's in a gelatinous form and it communicates to you with vibrations.
This is why, um, my autism wouldn't let me watch star Trek as a kid. Oh.
Because I knew about all this stuff and then I'm watching star Trek and they're
going to another planet. It's like a guy with a blue face and I'm just like,
this makes, this is stupid. It's just a guy. It's just a guy.
Whereas look at earth, look at.
This. Right. Look at an octopus. Yeah. Look at the,
you seeing the video of the octopus taking out the Seagul. Oh yeah. What about.
The blanket octopus.
Interest thing though? Is they saved an Eagle.
An octopus took out an Eagle in Vancouver Eagle, an Eagle. Yes.
An Eagle and the fishermen pulled it ashore and removed the octopus from
the noble Eagle, but a sea Eagle. They were like, yeah, sorry. That's a wrap.
Well.
They're nasty. They're thieves. Well, they are.
Thieves. But I think that, ah.
And they smell.
Eagles are thieves too.
We're talking about a company that has raised organic chickens that lost
2.2 million in chickens to Eagles. <laugh> wow.
They killed 160,000 Eagles or excuse me,
the Eagles killed 160,000 chickens. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. So here it is.
The octopus caught a bald Eagle Eagle.
Why does that octopus hate America?
Well, he doesn't he's in Canada. Huh?
Bald Eagles live in Canada to their expats.
They go over there to party and to have sex with underage Eagles.
They were draft Dodgers. Yeah. For sure. Bald Eagle.
There's no rules up there in that wild land to the north. But look at that.
They decided to save the thing. Isn't that weird? Oh my God. Wow.
If you're gonna save it, I think you should eat the octopus too. Cause you win.
Yeah. The Chara made the octopus could have been as large as 4.5 feet. Good.
Everybody gets to eat. Yeah. That's thats a lot. Don't let it go.
Don't let it go. There's plenty of them. Things Jack, that get lunch and.
It's only got a year long lifespan anyway. Does it? Oh yeah.
You know the octopus lifecycle.
That big. Yeah. Yeah. He only lives a year. Yeah.
Oh I definitely would've eaten it then. <laugh> yeah. With zero remorse. Zero.
I would've been zero remorseful. If I found it only lived a year, I'm like,
look at him. He's gotta be 11 and a half months.
And they, they don't really feel pain. They can cannibalize themselves.
Well they let their arms go. When the female octopus tries to eat them. Yeah.
Yeah. Female octopus is, this is one of my favorite parts out the,
the animal kingdom.
They pretend sometimes that they wanna have sex with a male octopus.
Then they just Jack 'em and eat 'em.
What about the cuddle fish? Where they pretend to be females so they can, oh.
Get laid. Yeah. They're like beta males that are male feminists. Yeah.
They pretend to be something that they they're female.
They pretend to be female. And then they.
The females. Females.
Not looking.
They have female mannerisms and characteristics just like these beta males.
And they sneak up next to 'em as an ally. It's like give their.
Rocks off. It's like every Washington post reporter in.
In mal form. You said that not.
Me. Well, you're the one who said that farmers.
Are parasites, but you do have a, a, you have an excuse cuz you claimed autism,
which is a good move <laugh>